ACTUAL CROWN SCANDALS

No Ben Simmons (BS), No 60 Minutes, No Nine Newspapers.
These are the Actual Crown Scandals and this is the
Biggest Crown Scandal.

1) BARANGAROO

The building of the new Crown Casino in Barangaroo, Sydney, has
had setback after setback and hasn't received the attention
from the company that it deserves. The project is
months behind schedule and Crown keep trolling Sydney midstakes gamblers
with statements that it will be a High-Rollers-only venue
and they might not play Poker there, cash or Tournaments.

Like any major business, Crown have their ups and downs
but ever since they've started building Barangaroo it's been
a series of mishaps, all of which have pushed back
the completion date. In no particular order:
Crown opened a luxury Perth hotel in the last week of
the Mining Boom, they sold out of the Las Vegas Strip,
they sold out of Macau, they lost a bid to redevelop
the Treasury Casino in Brisbane and they were a takeover
target for Wynn's Casino. These are just the ones
I remember off-hand, I'm sure there'll be more in
the Class Action Lawsuit that Crown Shareholders will
be forced to launch against the effete company Board
who seem incapable of building another Casino.

Oh yes, how could I ever forget, Mariah Carey.

It's only after years of these events, none breaking
in Crown's favour, that the Crown Board are saying things
like "Barangaroo is our Number One Priority" and
"We're committed to the local market". Before then,
it looked like the Barangaroo project was managed by the
Work Experience Kid.

Now many Sydney projects come in over budget
and over time, including famously The Sydney Opera House. The State
Government aren't good at managing building projects like trams or
football stadium knockdown-rebuilds but Crown aren't a State
Government, they're a Casino.

They should be riding roughshod over Residents Action Groups, NIMBY
activists, Politicians, Unions and journalists. They should
buy some proper political influence. Hire recently retired MPs who
are well connected. Use lobbyists. Get better PR. Watch the show Boardwalk
Empire, Steve Buscemi will give them some tips. Look at the career
of Donald Trump, a go-getting entrepreneur who in his
business life did wonderful things including building Casinos in
New Jersey. Trump needs to build the Mexican Border wall not just for National
Security reasons but because the man builds things. He Gets Things Done.

The Crown Board are a Casino Board and need to start acting like one.
Build Barangaroo. Instead of obsessing about their
Carbon Footprint or Gender Representation, they should be actually
building Sydney's Second Casino. Stop being pussy-footed.
Barangaroo has had less than 1% of the regulation hassles and opposition that
the Adani Mine has had to endure, but there'll be
Coal in Calcutta before there's bets in Barangaroo. There was more
action in Barangaroo at the Catholic Church's World Youth Day in 2008
than there will be in 2020.

Turn things around, Crown. Your builders LendLease now have extra manpower
after they completed only the first half of the Sydney Football Stadium
knockdown-rebuild. Have you tried bullying them??

As I write this, Barangaroo is scheduled to open in 2021.
I turn fifty that year and speaking of Fifty I think my chances of
playing at Barangaroo in 2021 are much less than Fifty-Fifty. Would
anyone like to take a bet? Because the way things look now, Crown at
Barangaroo won't be taking any.
