FURTHER ACTUAL CROWN SCANDALS (FACS)

For FACS sake, when will the scandals ever end??

5) DAZZLER'S GUN ARREST

This is the oldest of the FACS and goes way back to 1998. It
was fully reported in the Australian Poker Media, but in a way
that buried the embarrassing story; which is itself a minor
scandal that I'll also cover.

In the early days of Australian Poker,
Darryl "Dazzler" Lanyon ran home games for the small band
of people who played the game. Years before Rounders, Chris Moneymaker,
Pub Poker and Casino Royale, the only people who played poker were
grizzled veterans who knew what they were doing.

Dazzler loved the scene so much that he published a newsletter
of those home game results, which grew into Cards Magazine. He
was Australia's first Poker Journalist. But from all accounts
he was a poor player.

It's impossible to believe it-- that a poker journalist
was a bad player. Writing about poker
sharpens the journalist's own game and after four articles
he's practically unbeatable. There's a popular saying
about this effect. Those that can, Do. Those that can't, start
up Poker newsletters or write Australian Poker Weekly columns
and produce the Lessons From Sessions series.

Always well dressed, Dazzler played the very first hand of
Cash Poker at Crown. As part of his Maverick Wild-West themed
attire, he carried a holstered replica Colt 45, a fake gun.
The next year he left the Colt on the TV of his Crown Towers
hotel room, where the Housekeeping maid found it, called security,
and Dazzler was removed from the Poker game to assist Police
officers, Detectives and even an ASIO agent with their inquiries.

This hassle caused Dazzler to rue his fake gun for years and
years, making it the Colt from Old Regret.

Dazzler got off with a fine, but the Australian Poker Media
buried this scandal on pages 76-77 of the July/August 2007
issue of Bluff Australasia Magazine. Nobody saw the article,
because on page 63 of the same issue, next-generation Poker
journalist Joseph Del Duca's Sydney Scene column was
"Doctor Straight flushed with success".

Readers couldn't take their eyes off the then-36-year-old
self-styled "Doctor Straight", a gun player who Del Duca described
as "bellowing 'send it!' while raking in another mountain of
chips" at the Newtown Pokerdome. The Crown scandal of Dazzler's
gun arrest passed unnoticed.
